{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17460\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Smartwatches can identify the 
\b \'93Drinking\'94
\b0  activity with 93.3% while Smartphones can only get 77.3%\
2. Smartwatches can be much better than using Smartphones due to the fact that it can detect hand-based activities more accurately\
3. This paper examines the use of smartphones and smartwatches for activity recognition\
4. The performance of smartphone based activity recognition is compared with the performance of smartwatch based activity recognition\
5. They recognised that ultimately a combination of both devices may work best\
\
6. Smartphone-based personal activity recognition model (built with training data from the targeted users) outperform impersonal models by a lot\
7. This research aims to include more activities\
	- Typing\
	- Writing\
	- Other hand-based activities\
	- Eating related activities\
		- Eating soup (what the hell??)\
		- Eating a sandwich\
		- Drinking\
\
PROCESS:\
8. Data collection\
9. Low-level time series sensor data into examples transformation\
10. Model induction process\
11. Some of the details are in [7, 9]\
12. Data is aggregated into examples based on non-overlapping 10-second intervals of data\
\
13. Accelerometer and gyroscope data is taken from BOTH smartphone and smartwatch @ 20Hz\
14. The data received is trimmed (the beginning and the end of the data stream)\
15. Classification algorithm does not operate on time-series data\
	- Hence, do the windowing algorithm\
	- 10 second chunks of data\
	- Generate higher level features \'97> [7, 9]\
\
16. Built models using a number of different algorithms (default parameter settings are used EXCEPT for NB and instance-based learning):\
	- WEKA Random Forest\
	- J48 decision tree algorithm\
	- IB3 instance-based learning algorithm (3 nearest neighbours are used)\
	- Naive Bayes (kernel estimation is enabled)\
	- Multi-layer perceptron\
\
17. There are 2 models trained:\
	- Personal model \'97> trained using the data ONLY from the intended user\
	- Impersonal model \'97> trained using ALL DATA EXCEPT the data from the intended user\
\
\
}